since it is thirsty thursday and i've
dubbed it now blender thrusday and since
I am cocktail diva not milkshake diva
we're going to make a cocktail first
we're going to open up our blender baby
and we're going to mix this up a yummy
daiquiri because you know it's hot it's
sunny summer time fabulous time for
daiquiri Oh smell that it's got that new
small kitchen appliance smell wonderful
okay first before we do anything read
the instruction and anything together
not liable keep your fingers out of the
blades so it's lender thursday and i
promise you blended drink and today we
are making a mango raspberry daiquiri
with vodka of course the nectar of the
gods and what we're trying out today is
the hamilton beach blender with the wave
action system so it's supposed to chop
ice and get your eyes nice nice ice
we're going to have nice eyes in our
daiquiri nice small fish no big chunks
anything like that so we're gonna start
off we're going to have our blender
we've watched it we read the
instructions it's all clean it's good to
go and we're going to add our ice lots
about
always add more then we are going to add
a course our podcast this is a nice
yummy decorate this is going to be two
full ounces of vodka then we're going to
add since it's a raspberry mango
daiquiri I like to give it a little kick
so this is half an ounce of raspberry
with here delish and then we're going to
add our fresh lemon or lime juice or you
can use women need or really any kind of
juice that you want pineapple juice
grapefruit juice anything like that so
we're going to give that a good keep and
help in now for the healthy stuff we're
going to add some frozen mango and
raspberry that we've had thought and the
reason that we do this is so that we get
this great juice off of it it's going to
add amazing flavor to our jacket whoa it
is looking amazing so that's it that's
what we got in our blender you can just
give you ingredients a quick sure oh my
goodness the smell is amazing already so
we're going to put it on our blender put
the lid on nice and tight and off we go
start on low
ok so now you're going to give it a
check you're going to check and see the
consistency of it so see if it's what
you like this is a really nice look
abused ice chunks they're amazing are
all the same size oh my gosh this smells
so good so we're going to add a little
bit more ice because i like it a little
bit thicker we're going to give the
pulse action to try
oh my gosh this is amazing look at the
color this oh I know you wish you were
here I know you do I wish you were here
having this cocktail with me so now
we're going to dress our cocktail of
course every good cocktail has to have
good accessories so we're going to rim
our glass with our lime and then what i
have here you can use a bunch of
different things but what i have here
are three tablespoons of regular sugar 2
1 tablespoon of powdered confection
sugar or icing sugar so it's going to
give it a really nice look it's going to
stick to the glass really really well
and it's going to be delicious it's not
going to slide down like big gobs of
regular sugar would
all right there we go oh so pretty all
right so let's give this a whirl in oh
ho I'm sorry but this is absolutely
fantastic
some young oh hello don't you wish you
were here iris you were here all right
now we're going to garnish it we're
going to garnish it with a little piece
of dried mango and some fresh
blueberries on top and that my friend is
a raspberry mango daiquiri ala diva all
right let's give this bad boy try
hmm
cheers oh you're going to want to make
this you're really going to want to make
this
hi I'm Linda drinkage a free now